Normal distribution, also known as the Gaussian distribution, is a probability distribution that is symmetric about the mean, showing that data near the mean are more frequent in occurrence than data far from the mean. In graph form, normal distribution will appear as a bell curve.
Supervised learning is one of the methods associated with machine learning which involves allocating labeled data so that a certain pattern or function can be deduced from that data. Unsupervised learning is the second method of machine learning algorithm where inferences are drawn from unlabeled input data.
The difference between classification and clustering is that classification is used in supervised learning technique where predefined labels are assigned to instances by properties, on the contrary, clustering is used in unsupervised learning where similar instances are grouped, based on their features or properties.
Training set is a set of examples used for learning, that is to fit the parameters. Test set is the set of examples used only to assess the performance
In overfitting, a statistical model describes random error or noise instead of the underlying relationship. Overfitting occurs when a model is excessively complex. Underfitting occurs when a statistical model or machine learning algorithm cannot capture the underlying trend of the data. Underfitting would occur, for example, when fitting a linear model to non-linear data.
Administratively, incorrect or inconsistent data can lead to false conclusions and misdirected investments on both public and private scales.
Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers the capability to learn without being explicitly programmed.Machine learning focuses on the development of computer programs that can access data and use it learn for themselves.
Logistic Regression often referred as logit model is a technique to predict the binary outcome from a linear combination of predictor variables.
Artificial neural networks are one of the main tools used in machine learning. As the “neural” part of their name suggests, they are brain-inspired systems which are intended to replicate the way that we humans learn. Neural networks consist of input and output layers, as well as (in most cases) a hidden layer consisting of units that transform the input into something that the output layer can use.
Activation functions are really important for a Artificial Neural Network to learn and make sense of something really complicated and Non-linear complex functional mappings between the inputs and response variable.They introduce non-linear properties to our Network.